EGAINT 0.94.13 SOURCE CODE DISTRIBUTION PACKAGE

This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; see the accompanying GNU
General Public License for full details.  You should have received a
copy along with this program (see the file COPYING).  If not, write to:
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02139.

See the included file MANIFEST for the contents of this distribution
package.

--
eric ng 1906 milvia street berkeley california 94704
...!ucbvax!irss.njit.edu!erc ...!ucbvax!ocf!erc
erc@irss.njit.edu            erc@ocf.berkeley.edu


WHAT'S NEW WITH THIS RELEASE

The biggest improvement in version 0.94.13 is the addition (after
numerous user requests) of support (albeit largely untested) for the
Hercules and EGA monochrome graphics adapters.  SINCE I NEITHER OWN NOR
HAVE ACCESS TO EITHER OF THESE GRAPHICS ADAPTERS, I CAN PRACTICALLY
GUARANTEE BUGS FOR HERCULES AND EGA MONOCHROME USERS.  Please try to
report these bugs as time permits.  (If you have a color EGA or VGA,
never mind, this doesn't apply to you.)

In addition, pit depth and show guide options were added, requiring the
modification of both the options screen (including the addition of a
bullet cursor) and the scoring.

Version 0.94.12 contains an inelegant implementation of user-definable
EGA/VGA palette settings.  The Turbo Pascal source code for a quick and
dirty EGA/VGA palette editor is also included in this distribution
package.  When using it, press the lowercase letter ("a" thru "o") to
decrement the current palette value, and press the uppercase letter ("A"
thru "O") to increment the current palette value.  Once finished, press
Escape.
